README.md, before:

# ff-record-keeper
Tools for [Final Fantasy Record Keeper][1]

#### File Descriptions
##### Python Files
* **FFRKAnonymizer.py** - Given a JSON response, "anonymizes" it by removing the user_id and replacing it with 1234567890
* **FFRKBattleDropParser.py** - With JSON response from the battle/get_battle_init_data API prints out items that will be dropped
* **FFRKItemIdParser.py** - With JSON response from the diff/party/list API prints out item names, item ids, and rarity

##### JSON Files
* **battle-data.json** - Sample response from the battle/get_battle_init_data API
* **party-list.json** - Sample response from the diff/party/list API

#### Environment
These tools were developed on Mac OS Yosemite (10.10), [PyCharm CE][4], and Python 2.7.9 (installed via [homebrew][5]). The Python files do not use any exotic libraries so these tools should work across different platforms.

#### Contribute
Please feel free to fork, improve, and open a [pull request][6]. More JSON data (anonymized of course) would be greatly appreciated! If you want to contribute without using GitHub, feel free to email me at: {GitHub username} at gmail dot com.

#### Learn More
* [Blog post][2] describing more reliable Black Cowl farming using FFRKBattleDropParser.py
* [Reddit post][3] about more reliable Black Cowl farming

[1]: http://www.finalfantasyrecordkeeper.com/
[2]: http://mark.gg/2015/04/18/peeking-into-final-fantasy-record-keeper/
[3]: https://www.reddit.com/r/FFRecordKeeper/comments/332buz/method_to_more_reliably_farm_black_cowls_or_any/
[4]: https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/
[5]: http://brew.sh/
[6]: https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/

Commit message:

Add FFRKProxy which runs a simple proxy that automagically executes the helpful stuff from other files
No more copying and pasting response content from Charles into a text file!

README.md, after:

# ff-record-keeper
Tools for [Final Fantasy Record Keeper][1]

#### File Descriptions
##### Python Files
* **FFRKAnonymizer.py** - Given a JSON response, "anonymizes" it by removing the user_id and replacing it with 1234567890
* **FFRKBattleDropParser.py** - With JSON response from the battle/get_battle_init_data API prints out items that will be dropped
* **FFRKItemIdParser.py** - With JSON response from the diff/party/list API prints out item names, item ids, and rarity
* **FFRKProxy.py** - Runs a simple proxy that wraps the response-parsing functionality of the other Python files. You set your
device to point at the proxy and when a known API passes through the proxy, the proxy will parse relevant information out of the 
response body and print just that. See "Example FFRKProxy Output" for an example of what this looks like.

##### JSON Files
* **battle-data.json** - Sample response from the battle/get_battle_init_data API
* **party-list.json** - Sample response from the dff/party/list API

### Example FFRKProxy Output
    ~src/ff-record-keeper [master] python FFRKProxy.py
    IP Address = 10.0.0.1, Port = 8080
    
    /dff/event/challenge/4/get_battle_init_data called
    Round 2 - enemy will drop ORB with id = 40000056
    Round 3 - enemy will drop EQUIPMENT with id = 21002001
    
    /dff/party/list called
    Knight Armor (III), 22054008, 3
    Major Earth Orb, 40000050, 5

#### Environment
These tools were developed on Mac OS Yosemite (10.10), [PyCharm CE][4], and Python 2.7.9 (installed via [homebrew][5]). 
The Python files except FFRKProxy do not use any exotic libraries so these tools should just work.
FFRKProxy uses [libmproxy][7]. Visit the [Installation][8] page to learn how to install it (spoiler alert: pip install mitmproxy).

#### Contribute
Please feel free to fork, improve, and open a [pull request][6]. More JSON data (anonymized of course) would be greatly appreciated! If you want to contribute without using GitHub, feel free to email me at: {GitHub username} at gmail dot com.

#### Learn More
* [Blog post][2] describing more reliable Black Cowl farming using FFRKBattleDropParser.py
* [Reddit post][3] about more reliable Black Cowl farming

[1]: http://www.finalfantasyrecordkeeper.com/
[2]: http://mark.gg/2015/04/18/peeking-into-final-fantasy-record-keeper/
[3]: https://www.reddit.com/r/FFRecordKeeper/comments/332buz/method_to_more_reliably_farm_black_cowls_or_any/
[4]: https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/
[5]: http://brew.sh/
[6]: https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/
[7]: https://mitmproxy.org/doc/scripting/libmproxy.html
[8]: https://mitmproxy.org/doc/install.html
